#!/bin/sh

(cat | randomise | head -n 1) <<EOF
A government must not waiver once it has chosen it's course. It must not look to the left or right but go forward.
A journalist is a person who has mistaken their calling.
A statesman... must wait until he hears the steps of God sounding through events, then leap up and grasp the hem of His garment.
All treaties between great states cease to be binding when they come in conflict with the struggle for existence.
An appeal to fear never finds an echo in German hearts.
Anyone who has ever looked into the glazed eyes of a soldier dying on the battlefield will think hard before starting a war.
Be polite; write diplomatically; even in a declaration of war one observes the rules of politeness.
I have seen three emperors in their nakedness, and the sight was not inspiring.
Laws are like sausages, it is better not to see them being made.
Never believe anything in politics until it has been officially denied.
No civilization other than that which is Christian, is worth seeking or possessing.
People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war or before an election.
Politics is not an exact science.
Politics is the art of the next best.
Politics is the art of the possible.
Politics ruins the character.
The great questions of the day will not be settled by means of speeches and majority decisions but by iron and blood.
The main thing is to make history, not to write it.
The secret of politics? Make a good treaty with Russia.
There is a Providence that protects idiots, drunkards, children and the United States of America.
To retain respect for sausages and laws, one must not watch them in the making.
When a man says he approves of something in principle, it means he hasn't the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice.
When you want to fool the world, tell the truth.
Whoever speaks of Europe is wrong: it is a geographical expression.
With a gentleman I am always a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I try to be a fraud and a half.
EOF

